README.md, before:

```
 ________  ________  ________  ________  ________           ________      
|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   ___  \        |\   __  \     
\ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \  \|\  \    
 \ \   __  \ \   __  \ \   _  _\ \  \\\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \   ____\   
  \ \  \ \  \ \  \ \  \ \  \\  \\ \  \\\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \  \___|__ 
   \ \__\ \__\ \__\ \__\ \__\\ _\\ \_______\ \__\\ \__\       \ \__\ |\__\
    \|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|_______|\|__| \|__|        \|__| \|__|                                                                     
```
# Languages (from best to worst):
Typescript, Java, Python, C#, C++

## About Me:
I started out programming because of **FRC robotics** and fell in love with it since, i spend my time doing controls engineering for work but on the side i do _web development and web api development_, im a huge foodie and i love Italian food.                                                        
                                                        
## Things im learning right now:
* ASP.NET Core
* Algorithm Implementation
* Google Extension Development

Commit message:

Update 'About Me' section in README
Expanded the 'About Me' section to include embedded software development.

README.md, after:

```
 ________  ________  ________  ________  ________           ________      
|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   __  \|\   ___  \        |\   __  \     
\ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \  \|\  \    
 \ \   __  \ \   __  \ \   _  _\ \  \\\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \   ____\   
  \ \  \ \  \ \  \ \  \ \  \\  \\ \  \\\  \ \  \\ \  \       \ \  \___|__ 
   \ \__\ \__\ \__\ \__\ \__\\ _\\ \_______\ \__\\ \__\       \ \__\ |\__\
    \|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|__|\|_______|\|__| \|__|        \|__| \|__|                                                                     
```
# Languages (from best to worst):
Typescript, Java, Python, C#, C++

## About Me:
I started out programming because of **FRC robotics** and fell in love with it since, i spend my time doing controls engineering for work but on the side i do _web development, web api development_ and even embedded software (C code running on a Pi zero mostly for fun and testing), im a huge foodie and i love Italian food.                                                        
                                                        
## Things im learning right now:
* ASP.NET Core
* Algorithm Implementation
* Google Extension Development
